Note: This file should be kept in the repository but taken out on both
      source and binary releases.

Purpose: This file serves as a quick guide on how to build binary packages
         for any platform Epiar supports. It is meant both for purposes
         of documenting project activity and for education for anyone
         interested.

Contents
--------
i. Fedora RPM
ii. Windows Nullsoft Installer
iii. Ubuntu DEB
iv. OS X .app

i. Fedora RPM
-------------
Please write me.

ii. Windows Nullsoft Installer
------------------------------
Please write me.

iii. Ubuntu DEB
---------------
Please write me.

iv. OS X .app
-------------
OS X .app bundles (app bundles) are really directories ending in .app.

Create the directory structure below:

Epiar.app/Frameworks/
Epiar.app/MacOS/
Epiar.app/Resources/
Epiar.app/Info.plist

Info.plist is an XML file specially crafted with various OS X-specific
values. It is best to copy this from the last release and merely update
the versioning information.

Copy SDL, SDL_image, and SDL_mixer into Epiar.app/Frameworks/ (typically
copied out of your /Library/Frameworks).

Copy the finalized Epiar binary into Epiar.app/MacOS/. Call it "Epiar"
(without the quotes). Ensure libz, libxml2, libfreetype and other non-
standard libraries are statically linked. (FIXME: This should be a
configure script option, e.g. static-link).

Copy the Epiar resources folders (Animations, etc.) into
Epiar.app/Resources/.

Set the icon via Finder's "Get Info". (FIXME: Info.plist defines this
normally but I was unable to get this working.)

Be sure to test the final app bundle on a computer without Xcode or the
frameworks installed to ensure static linking, etc. worked.

Mac OS X has otool for analyzing object files.  Run "otool -L epiar" to check
for dynamically linked libraries.  Only standard libraries should be included in a
publicly distributed executable.

OS X apps are typically distributed as a .dmg file, which is a compressed
disk image file. Users are used to downloading these (they typically then
auto-mount and open a Finder window) and then merely dragging the Epiar
icon into their Applications folder. Creating the .dmg file should be done
using OS X's Disk Utility. As of OS X 10.6, it includes an option to create
a .dmg file from a folder, so one must prepare a folder (throw the .app
in it, Read Me file, any backgrounding desired, etc.) and have Disk Utility
then generate the .dmg. That finished .dmg (please test it!) is what
we upload to epiar.net.

